Fixed #32018 -- Extracted admin colors into CSS variables. (#13435)
django/django: docs/releases/3.2.txt

* Read-only related fields are now rendered as navigable links if target models
  are registered in the admin.

> * The admin has gained theming support. See :ref:`admin-theming` for more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The admin now supports theming. See :ref:`admin-theming` for more
```
